https://gomycode.com/ng/
The internet is a massive network of network.It connects computer globally, forming a network in which any computer can communicate as long as they are connected to the internet. Information that travels over the internet does so via a set of rules called protocol.
The world wide web(www) or simply called web is a way of accessing information thru the medium of the internet. It is an information sharing model that is built on top of the internet. The web uses HTTP(Hypertext Transfer Protocol), one of the languages spoken over the internet to transmit data.

Differences bw the Internet and the World Wide Web(WWW)
The Internet is a vast network that connects computers all over the world.Thru the internet people can connect from where ever they, communicate and share information.


A web host is a company that provides a service to store and maintain a website on a server, making it accessible to the public: 
 
Storage
A web host stores a website's files, such as images, videos, text, and code, on a server. 
 
Accessibility
A web host makes the website accessible to the public through a web browser.
Auto Rename Tag Extension, prettier, for vs code
https://student.learn.gomycode.co/course/d6d2fcfd-b9c5-4afc-b1a0-8b4908764919/node/093008f6-bd8d-4a85-87ab-7c0ab264a0a2/kind/1

GIT is an open source version control system that helps developers collaborate on projects.
Github is a web based hosting service for git repositories. In simple terms, u can use git without github but u cannot use Github without git.

In short, Git is a Version Control System while GitHub is an online platform for hosting and sharing code, text files, and more complex file formats.

Benefits of Git
1) Track changes
2) It allows 2 or more developers to work together.
3) Git can be interacted with using the command line bt Github is thru the web.
Repository is a place to store ur code and changes to code.

Primary objectives:

Understand what Git is

Learn how to use the basic Git commands

Discover how to configure Git

Understand what Github is and how to work with remote repositories

Basic Git Commands
https://student.learn.gomycode.co/course/d6d2fcfd-b9c5-4afc-b1a0-8b4908764919/node/46020199-ae1a-4368-a3c6-0f3d334a1902/kind/1
Configuring git
https://student.learn.gomycode.co/course/d6d2fcfd-b9c5-4afc-b1a0-8b4908764919/node/c70777a5-a759-42b9-8f72-ebe77f8775ef/kind/1

On opening cmd ff d below steps:
dir
cd desktop
dir
cd GOMYCODE
dir
GOMYCODE
cd projectOne
git init -> It is use to initialize a repository
git add index.html - This will only add index.html
git add . - This will add all the files
- Creating a version
git commit -m "first version"
- To enter email
git config --global user.email "emmasonnyerovwo@gmail.com" -> Use this code to change email to identify user's email.
- To enter name
git config --global user.name "EsohwodeEmmanuelNyerovwo" -> Use this code to change name to identify a user.
git log - This will show details. The name, email, date and the version.
To change from master, do git branch -M main
git remote add origin https://github.com/EsohwodeEmmanuelNyerovwo/version-One.git
git push -u origin main -: It takes ur files from local repo(laptop) to a remote(online) repo.
cd ../ -> Go back one step
code .
git add. -> This is used to add files in other for git to track them.We can also add a particular file by using. Files are now
moved to repo. It takes ur files to the staging area.
git add myFileName e.g index.html
git status -> This will help to display the current status of the repository.The changes that have been made
and the files that have not been tracked.
Removing Files
git rm or git rm --cached [file_name] -> git rm command will not only remove it from Git, bt also remove it from
ur local file system as well. To tell Git to stop tracking a file while still keep it in ur local sytsem, run the
ffing command, e.g git rm --cached index.html
Global Setting
git config --global core.paper "cat"
Write the appropriate command to list all the global configurations for git on your machine->
git config --global --list
https://github.com/EsohwodeEmmanuelNyerovwo/version-One
https://student.learn.gomycode.co/course
Steps to use git with vscode
1) Create a folder on desktop
2) Open folder on vscode
3) create files eg index.html
4) Go to terminal
 -----Steps on the terminal
a) git init - Initialize empty Git repository
b) git add file e.g git add index.html
c) git commit -m 'GitPractice'
d) create a repository
e) git branch -m main - change to main
f) git remote add origin file from github
g) git push -u origin main
h) refresh github on the browser

git add . -> This add all files to the staging area.
If after pushing and some files are left, do below:
-git add .
-git commit -m "added images" or name it anything. commit will help u to track changes

Project One
Create a folder called learn_git. 
Cd (change directory) into the learn_git folder. -:cd learn_git
Create a file called third.txt.-: echo > third.txt
Initialize an empty git repository. -: git init
Add third.txt to the staging area. -: git add third.txt
Commit with the message "adding third.txt". -: git commit -m adding third.txt
Check out your commit with git log. -: git log
Create another file called fourth.txt.-: git echo > fourth.txt
Add fourth.txt to the staging area.-: git add fourth.txt
Commit with the message "adding fourth.txt"-: git commit -m adding fourth.txt
Remove the third.txt file.-: git rm third.txt
Add this change to the staging area. (Using the command "git add . ")-: git add .
Commit with the message "removing third.txt".-: git commit -m removing third.txt
Check out your commits using git log.-: git log
Change your global settings to core.pager=cat - you can read more about that here.-:git config --global core.paper "cat"
Write the appropriate command to list all the global configurations for git on your machine.-:git config --global --list
You can type git config --global to find out how to do this.
Then create a repository
Use the link as below
- git remote add origin https://github.com/EsohwodeEmmanuelNyerovwo/Project-One.git
- git branch -m main
- git push -u origin main
- git add .
- git commit -m "added images"
- git push
A repository is any file that git is tracking. Any file with .git
We can only ignore untracked files.The moment u track a file u can't ignore